there will be no easy meals on this
island walruses are the largest seals in
the world they weigh over a ton and are
armed with tusks a metre long
[Music]
exhausted from his shrim
the bear must regain his strength
the next day a sea fog shrouds the
island the wallace's sense that they're
in danger using the fog as cover the
bear approaches the herd
[Music]
the adults close ranks around their
young presenting a wall of blubber and
hide he tests the ban but it stands
firmly it appears that the world's
largest land carnivore has met his match
[Music]
there must be a in the armor
somewhere
[Music]
not here
this female walrus is shielding her
puppy if he can just prise her off
[Music]
the bear's claws and teeth can't
penetrate her thick hide
[Music]
with the herd retreating to water the
bear must move quickly
[Music]
having failed with one he heads straight
for another
[Music]
the chance of his first meal in months
is slipping away
[Music]
he seems increasingly desperate
it's now or never he must avoid the
stabbing tusks if he's to win
[Music]
the flailing walrus is immensely
powerful and drags the bear away from
the shallows towards the safety of the
herd
[Music]
it slips from his grasp